Earlier in this course, we had a look at Javascript libraries,
we had a look at axios, Lodash, JQuery as some examples.
Now in this module, we'll explore Javascript frameworks, these in the end are like bigger libraries you could
say but we'll have a look at what exactly a framework is, how it helps you focus on what matters and
how it simplifies the project building or app building work
and we'll also see an example.
Now to be precise, I'll first of all dive into what exactly a framework is and what the difference to
a library is and we'll then have a look at React.js which ironically is a library but a pretty important
and huge one
and if we then add a couple of other things from the React ecosystem, it actually gets more framework-ish.
So we'll have a look at that and see why that matters,
what's great about React, what alternatives to React are and how that can help us in our projects.